Can we please discuss
how epic it is you have
a genuine Seattle prospect?
Previously on Elle...
He's not a prospect. Madison.
Miles is with Shannon.
and Shannon's basically
the coolest senior at Rainier West.
I just need to move back to L.A.
and get myself out of this mess.
I could kiss a zillion guys.
you do not write S-L-U-T
-on someone's locker.
-[Kimberly] Hmm. what if
the S-L-U-T is swooning
over her wannabe bestie's B-O-Y?
Get a boyfriend who isn't
Miles and throw Kimberly off the scent.
[Dustin] I just need you
to get one of your parents
to go to the school board meeting tonight.
snag one of the school budgets.
As previously discussed.
the contents of this stays between us
till we commit to a plan.
-What the hell. Elle-A?
-You lied to me!
And I'm not trying to get in your way.
but this isn't about me.
[Liz] It's about me.
Elle's trying to protect me.
Duh.
Uh. Chad and Charlie
live with their son down the street.
Oh. that's nice.
[Miles] Hey.
Hi.
Guess it's gonna be harder
to avoid me now. though.
[scoffs]
[bright music playing]
-Ooh!
-[sighs]
That was so necessary.
Can't believe we haven't done
mother-daughter manis since we got here.
Like water in the desert.
Do you know where
the nail polish remover is?
Oh. You're taking it off?
I thought we liked "moody mauve."
Well. that's because our other options
were "gunmetal" and "corpse."
[Eileen] Hi. this is a message
for Elle Woods.
This is Eileen from
Cosmopolitan magazine.
I'm thrilled to tell you
that you're a finalist
in the Cosmopolitan
Fun Fearless Female L.A.
internship program.
-What is she talking about?
-All of our FFF finalists
submit five-minute videos
describing how they're a fun.
fearless female at home. at school
and in their community.
We look forward to your application.
-[machine beeps]
-Elle. what was that about?
Oh. that? Right.
That seems to be
a message about a small.
trivial contest I applied to.
Just on a lark. You know me and larks.
She said it's an internship.
Did she?
In L.A.
See. I'd forgotten that detail.
It would require me to live in L.A.
next semester if I won.
Which I won't.
Well. if this happens.
I-I mean. you'd need
a chaperone.
I'd have to go back to L.A. with you.
meaning I'd step away
from my social and charitable endeavors.
But if it's really important to you.
I'll do it.
I think it could possibly
be the best thing ever?
Of course it could be.
Oh. thank God.
-[squeals]
-Yeah. this is huge!
And if you want a career in fashion.
you have to be in L.A.
Or New York. but New York
isn't really for us Woods girls.
It's more for... women with lowlights.
Mm.
So. for the video submission.
okay. we have to
straddle that line between
prestigious enough
to be nominated for an Oscar
but not pretentious enough to win.
I'm thinking black and white.
Like Madonna in Truth or Dare.
-Yes. exactly.
-Uh-oh.
Sounds like the Woods women
are up to something.
Honey. Elle won a spring internship
at Cosmopolitan magazine
-in Century City.
-I didn't win. I'm a finalist.
Century City as in L.A.?
Mm-hmm.
Wow. How are we gonna make that work?
We live here now.
Well. I offered to chaperone.
And there's still
a million details to iron out.
Like winning.
So we need to make a mood board. Stat.
I want to think of these two words
as our guiding light.
Authentic and curated.
Yeah. love it.
I have to fly out my nail girl.
'cause there's no way
you're winning this thing
with these baby coffins on your nails.
So. all I have to do
is make a groundbreaking video.
which. obviously. I have in the bag.
You think Scorsese
would be right for this?
Potentially not. We're thinking
more of a Truth or Dare aesthetic.
But the problem with black and white is...
-There's no pink.
-Exactly.
So. I need a new take. ASAP or sooner.
Speaking of...
well. nothing.
I was gonna talk to you
about it when I visited.
but you know I could never
keep anything from you.
Oh. my God. What is it?
Okay. you can just rip the Band-Aid off.
I can take it.
It's about homecoming.
I need you to know
that I put up a valiant fight.
I did everything that you suggested.
I canvassed. I phone banked.
I flirted heavily
across all categories. But nobody
knew what "in absentia" meant.
I'm sorry. Elle. but you're not
on the homecoming court.
What?
Wha... But me being on homecoming court
was supposed to be the amuse-bouche
before my triumphant return
to L.A. next semester.
I have my therapist's number at the ready.
I can't pretend this doesn't sting.
I mean. they don't even
have homecoming here.
Oh. my God.
They don't have homecoming here.
-I heard you.
-No.
but that's what I'll do
for my Cosmo video.
I'll give Seattle
the best homecoming of all time
and I'll document the whole thing.
I just have to teach them
what homecoming is all about.
Can you think of anything
more fun and fearless?
[laughs] I actually cannot.
♪ I'm only happy when it rains ♪
[♪ Garbage sings
"I'm Only Happy When It Rains"]
♪ I'm only happy when it's complicated ♪
♪ And though I know you can't ♪
♪ appreciate it ♪
♪ I'm only happy when it rains ♪
♪ Pour your ♪
-♪ misery down ♪
-♪ Pour your misery ♪
-♪ Pour your misery down on me ♪
-♪ down. pour your misery ♪
-♪ Pour your misery down ♪
-♪ down. pour ♪
♪ You can keep me company as long as ♪
♪ you don't care ♪
♪ I'm only happy when it rains ♪
♪ You wanna hear about my new obsession? ♪
♪ I'm riding high upon ♪
♪ a deep depression ♪
♪ I'm only happy when it rains ♪
♪ Pour some misery down on me ♪
♪ I'm only happy when it rains ♪♪
[hip-hop music playing on TV]
Wow.
Did that flautist just do a flip?
Incredible.
[music ends]
As you can see.
homecoming is
a celebration of school spirit.
But. more importantly.
it's a gathering of community.
And. they're really. really fun. you guys.
You've never done one here.
Until now.
I've prepared a 12-point plan
to bring homecoming
to Rainier West High.
There'll be a big game
on the home basketball court.
Obviously.
Cheerleaders. a bonfire.
a king and a queen.
Usually a parade
featuring a minor local celebrity.
Last year. my school had Tom Cruise.
Yes. Kimberly?
We don't have a basketball team here.
And our cheerleaders are neither cheerful
nor leaders.
Okay. uh. what sports
are happening at the school currently?
Well. cross country
has their district championships
this weekend. but--
Great. That'll be the big game then.
With Ms. Burke's
permission.
I'll just infuse some cheer
into the cheerleaders.
and handle all the logistics myself.
Are there any other questions?
This is so dumb.
-That's not a question.
-[Kimberly] Sorry.
Why is this so dumb?
We don't do that kind of thing here.
Well. I counter your question
with another question.
Why not?
We don't like wearing the same color.
We don't like clapping.
We don't chant. That's brainwashing.
by the way. We don't believe in popularity
contests.
We're not conformist.
[whispers] Keep going.
All excellent points. Kimberly.
M-Maybe no to the homecoming court.
but I truly believe
if you actually tried it.
you'd find conformity invigorating.
Okay. I'll do the pep rally.
[Elle] Oh.
You're volunteering
to tackle the pep rally?
Yeah. I know how to do school stuff. too.
so sign me up.
And you're comfortable
with our budgetary constraints?
I mean.
all crafting will have to be 100% DIY.
"Do it yourself."
DIY is not a novel concept here.
But Y will D-I it. right?
Huh?
This isn't some antiestablishment ruse
to humiliate me in front of
the entire school again?
The pep rally will have pep. Elle.
Okay. great.
-Thank you. Kimberly.
-[school bell rings]
Don't forget to read it.
It's really good.
I'm really excited about this DIY thing.
You know. necessity
is the mother of invention.
One time. Sadie Myers' dad lost
all his money producing
a Kevin Costner movie in space.
so she had to have
her tenth birthday party at their house.
And it was actually sort of fun.
In a Little House on the Prairie way.
So. what's going on with you and Dustin?
Oh.
That. Right.
That's over.
In every way.
I'm as single as...
...a girl without a boyfriend.
Samesies.
Wait. what?
Miles and I broke up last night.
It's fine. I'm fine.
Ever since I got back from my New York
trip this summer. it's been strained.
I feel like he was almost...
relieved when I dumped him.
I'm so sorry. Shannon.
It sucks. but you get it.
Because of Dustin.
Of course. I'm devastated.
but we were barely together 48 hours.
If we were sushi.
you could still safely eat us.
You guys were
together. what?
Two years.
I really am okay. though.
It was my choice.
[percussive music playing]
Hey. Dustin.
Hey.
I catch you with that inside again.
it is Saturday detention.
Whatever.
[lunch lady] Next.
Here you go.
Hey. Lizbian.
-Huh?
-Hey. Lizbian.
-Um...
-What's up?
Thank you for teaching me
more about matriarchal societies.
You read my zine.
I always read your zine.
What is this?
I'm making conversation.
With a friend.
Or Principal Anderson is a crook
and you want my permission
to turn the school against him.
I actually wanted to apologize.
I let my disdain for the guy
get the best of me
and I... I screwed up.
Royally.
You should keep digging.
I don't want to go to a school
run by a corrupt thief anyway.
So. are you apologizing
because you actually mean it
or because Elle forced you to?
Nah. I'm serious.
If I'd known I was putting you
at risk of getting kicked out.
I never would've been so public.
Plus Elle was. like. really mad at you.
Yeah. I didn't know anger
was an emotion she could feel.
It's… really quite upsetting.
Terrifying.
[sighs]
It's just not quite right.
Woods women do not look good in green.
But it's your school color.
and you're gonna be on camera tomorrow.
so persist we must. Here.
Let's see you in a forest.
You're a lifesaver. Mom.
Oh. I mean. this is important.
I mean. they say fun. fearless female. but
fashion is implied in all of those words.
I really need this to go well.
I need the video to be so good
that I'm a no-brainer for the internship.
[gasps softly]
Oh...
[whines]
Bruiser. I never should've doubted you.
I mean. not only
are you gonna win this thing.
but you might've just convinced me
to start wearing green.
You okay?
Um...
I kind of like someone here
who I really. really can't like.
Is it unrequited? [scoffs]
How could it be unrequited?
You're Elle Woods.
I'm sorry I said that.
No. it's...
complicated.
But how do you un-like someone?
Hmm.
Well. it helps if they do
something really bad to you.
Like when Marlena
was possessed by the devil.
it was really hard
for John to stay attracted to her.
But that's not a perfect example.
He still loved her.
He exorcised her.
You're right.
Honestly. in my experience.
if you really like someone.
it's kind of undeniable.
It's like a fast-moving train.
Well. I definitely need
to get off this train.
That's why you need to win this contest.
so you can go back to L.A.
Now. we need a fun. fearless attitude.
Let's go brew a pot of oolong
and put on our Tony Robbins mix.
I'm gonna try this one on.
It'll probably fit.
[upbeat music playing]
Hey. Elle-A.
I have to show you something.
[Elle scoffs] What are we doing?
[Dustin] What do you see?
[Elle] A haven for people
who don't like human interaction.
Computers. Mouses.
No mousepads.
Mouses or mice?
Missing.
The school budget.
which Anderson single-handedly oversees.
said we spent $129
on mousepads last month.
-But no mousepads.
-Just like we're supposed to have
a nurse three days a week.
but she's only in on Thursdays.
Okay. what about earthquake insurance?
-That seems legitimate.
-Great.
In the unlikely event the school
collapses in an earthquake. we're saved.
Otherwise. we're screwed.
Wait. even if I agree
that this all appears shady...
Which you do.
...we can't pursue it.
You know how I feel about protecting Liz.
I apologized.
She told me to go for it.
Wait. you apologized?
For yourself?
I got carried away.
I...
owned it and we're good.
That shows integrity.
So why do you look confused?
I don't.
Anyway. I should go.
Got to get to class.
Big rally this afternoon.
There might be swooping hawks.
Okay. bye.
Okay. runners. attention please.
Everyone's piling into the gym now.
Once the clock hits 3:15 on the dot.
we'll run in. I'll hit play
on "Cotton Eye Joe."
and everyone will be
cheering their faces off.
Then we'll announce your names--
-[Eva] Boom!
-Hi. Oh. Hi.
Sorry. sorry. I think that's...
Back to the top.
Or wherever you're comfortable.
Okay.
Anyway. we'll all go in
and we'll announce your names one by one.
starting with Miles.
Who's late. by the way. Where is he?
He might not come.
Why would he do that?
He volunteers
at an animal shelter on Thursdays.
He's usually late to practice.
[Elle] Okay.
That's a very neutral.
not at all appealing thing for him to do.
I have no response to that whatsoever.
Great. We'll all run in.
there'll be instantly iconic speeches.
banners. streamers. vendors.
fingers crossed on some swooping hawks.
[gasps] Maybe a balloon arch.
Oh. it's time. Okay.
Rainier West High Runners.
-are you ready to get your pep on?
-[mouthing]
Come on!
[energetic music playing]
Woo-hoo!
Make some noise!
Whoo!
[music turns off]
Where is everybody?
-[scoffs]
-Um...
Oh. my God.
I'm sorry. Elle.
Kimberly said she had this.
Kimberly?
This is a disaster.
What's with the camera crew?
Stay in focus. Stop.
Uh. they're recording this
for posterity. Never mind.
What happened?
Where are the decorations?
Where are the posters?
Where is everyone?
You said you'd spread the word.
I did.
I used that computer thing.
Email.
Nobody uses email.
You might as well
have sent a carrier pigeon.
Email. seriously?
-That's really messed up.
-Okay. how was I supposed to know
that no one would check
their. like. computers?
You did this on purpose.
Why?
Because she doesn't like me.
Never mind. I will figure out
the rest of homecoming
by myself.
[Eva] Boom.
Mom. can you not. please?
Honey. but this is
your "all is lost" moment.
It's when our heroine
rises from the ashes.
like a fun. fearless female would.
Right.
Thank you. Oysters.
for your vulnerability.
We're done here.
[indistinct chatter]
[Shannon sighs]
That was very uncool.
Can I help?
I don't even know where to start.
I want to show you something.
I'm intrigued.
You were so right.
The whipped cream
takes this Frappuccino to the next level.
I know. they should make them this way.
Mm-hmm. Mm.
So. my mom likes to bring me
to this place because
sometimes you can see Mt. Rainier.
and sometimes you can't.
And when we're here on the cloudy days.
my mom always says.
"I bet we'll see it tomorrow."
As a naturally glass half-full person.
I deeply relate.
Though my glass is feeling
a little emptier today.
[sighs]
I really need
this homecoming to be perfect.
but I'm starting to feel like
it was a terrible idea.
Kimberly can actually
be a really good friend.
Her homelife isn't great. so
she's got some insecurities
that can make her kind of...
Monstrous?
[laughs]
Homecoming wasn't a terrible idea.
But Seattle's a little more
grassroots.
People are quirky.
They're really afraid
of being like everyone else.
Except when it comes to plaid.
I've known you for. like. five minutes.
but you're a force.
I feel like you can do this.
But we have no budget. no concessions.
Cirque du Soleil isn't returning my calls.
I know in L.A. you're used to...
Harrison Ford
coming to your birthday party
-or whatever--
-It was a Halloween party
and he came dressed as Indiana Jones.
which felt a little first thought.
We can do homecoming.
It might just not be like
an L.A. homecoming.
People are creative here.
Maybe let them do it
their way instead of your way.
That might be really amazing. too.
To homecoming.
[Elle] To homecoming.
[♪ The Dylans play "Planet Love"]
So. homecoming still needs a DJ/announcer.
And I'm thinking.
do I have any wonderful friends
with commanding voices
and great taste in music?
Are you gonna micromanage my playlist
and eventually DJ the homecoming yourself?
No. you can play whatever you want.
Completely up to you.
Did you hit your head again?
♪ I hang my star on you...
[Donna] Okay. 12 dozen brownies
and the place smells like
the Keebler factory.
Do you think this'll be enough?
You're a saint. Donna.
I should put pot in one of 'em.
Just for fun.
You know.
like Willy Wonka's chocolate bars.
Mom. this is a school function.
No. that's good. actually.
Not your mom drugging children.
Just. you know. the suggestion of it.
Friends. stoners.
come to the homecoming race
this weekend.
My mom's famous brownies.
One of them has something
that you. specifically.
might like.
-Dude.
-[stoners clamoring]
[Burke] Okay. ladies.
Now. marching around a cir-ircle.
Arms up. Try to keep on...
the beat.
-Ms. Burke.
-Hm?
I thought you said
you-you taught aerobics.
Oh. I taught Eric Nies' "The Grind"
workout at the Y in Albuquerque.
Okay.
Ladies?
And ma'am.
Uh... you're giving more
beginning of the music video
for "Smells Like Teen Spirit."
and I'm going to need more
end of the music video
for "Smells Like Teen Spirit."
But also. freestyling's cool. too.
-Let your personality shine.
-[short chuckle]
♪ I hear your tambourines ♪
-[music continuing on earphones]
-♪ on planet love. she says ♪
♪ On planet love...
[shouts] Dad!
Sorry. Dad. we still need someone
to run the medic tent.
Could you reach out to
one of the doctors in your golf group?
Elle. I'm a doctor.
Oh. my God.
I totally forgot.
This is perfect. [laughs]
Mom.
I'm almost done
checking everything off the list.
Do you want to help me
heat-press "Rainier West"
onto the cheer outfits?
Oh. honey. I'd love to. but I'm. uh.
full steam ahead on the video.
Trying to make this pep rally look...
Fun?
Funner.
I'm using
footage of you leading
the team into the gym and then
cutting to stock footage of other
high schools celebrating.
You know how to do that?
I do now.
Hey. don't stay up too late.
Puffy eyes are neither fun nor fearless.
All right.
This is gonna feel different with music.
It's gonna feel different with music.
[upbeat music playing]
Okay.
Our fun. fearless female
is about to lead Rainier West High's
very first homecoming game.
Race. Cross country.
Sure.
How are you feeling?
I'm feeling ready for a fantastic day.
And. for context.
starting a high school homecoming
might not seem fearless. but in Seattle.
where people are on a scale
from misanthropic to apathetic.
it's a huge risk.
High probability of failure.
But I'm not afraid of a challenge.
[hopeful music playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ ♪
I did it.
-Yes!
-[♪ Queen sings "Don't Stop Me Now"]
♪ 'Cause I'm having a good time ♪
♪ Having a good time ♪
♪ I'm a shooting star.
leaping through the sky ♪
♪ like a tiger
defying the laws of gravity ♪
♪ I'm a racing car
passing by like Lady Godiva ♪
♪ I'm gonna go. go...
Ow. Ow.
♪ There's no stopping me ♪
♪ I'm burnin' through the sky. yeah ♪
♪ Two hundred degrees. that's why
they call me Mr. Fahrenheit ♪
♪ I'm traveling at the speed of light ♪
♪ I want to make
a supersonic man outta you ♪
♪ Don't stop me. don't stop me.
don't stop me ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey ♪
♪ Don't stop me. don't stop me ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh ♪
-♪ I like it ♪
-♪ Don't stop me. don't stop me ♪
♪ Have a good time. good time ♪
♪ Don't stop me. don't stop me ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Let loose. honey ♪
♪ All right ♪
Five. six. seven. eight.
♪ Oh. I'm burning through the sky. yeah ♪
♪ Two hundred degrees. that's why
they call me Mr. Fahrenheit. hey ♪
♪ Traveling at the speed of light ♪
♪ I want to make a supersonic
man outta you. hey. hey ♪
♪ Don't stop me now ♪
♪ I'm having such a good time.
I'm having a ball ♪
♪ Don't stop me now ♪
♪ If you want to have a good time ♪
♪ Just give me a call ♪
-♪ Don't stop me now ♪
-♪ 'Cause I'm having a good time ♪
-♪ Yes. I'm having a good time ♪
♪ I don't want to stop at all ♪♪
[cheering]
[crowd whooping. cheering]
[whistles]
[clears throat] Okay. runners.
one minute to start.
Elle. that dance was incredible.
And so many people showed up.
You were right.
So. good luck. everyone!
Caleb. buzz cut guy.
Miles.
Jack... son.
[mumbles]
Everyone have a great race. equally.
See you at the finish.
[coach] Runners. take your mark.
Get set. Go!
[♪ Veruca Salt playing "Seether"]
♪ I try to keep her on a short leash ♪
♪ I try to calm her down...
Go. Miles!
Go. all runners! Whoo!
♪ Into the ground. yeah...
[Shannon] I hope he can win this.
He looks good. right?
Equally as good as everyone else.
♪ Can't fight the seether...
[cheering]
♪ Can't fight the seether ♪
♪ I can't see her till I'm...
Can I get two?
♪ at the mouth...
I like this song.
What?
Uh. I-I like this song.
And?
Uh. that's it. I-I like this song.
Thanks.
♪ I try to cram her back in my ♪
♪ Yeah ♪♪
-Principal Anderson.
-Hey.
Love to see you
getting some school spirit.
Yeah.
great turnout. Elle. And meet my wife.
Oh. so nice to meet you. Mrs. Anderson.
Your husband's really scary.
Oh. he's a teddy bear.
[chuckles] Yeah.
I can't believe you did all of this.
-Entire school effort.
-Oh.
And might I just say. your hair
is even more aspirational
in person than it is in photos.
I keep telling him that.
Yeah. she does.
You know. in three years.
I've never seen Anderson smile.
[Liz] It's unsettling.
He's had a personality transplant.
Maybe his wife
just brings out the best of him.
Maybe he's two-faced.
Did you really come here to creep on him?
I thought you were allergic
to seeing people
from school outside school.
Inside school. too. actually.
You have a crush on Elle.
[scoffs] No. I don't.
Oh. it wasn't a question.
Elle organized homecoming.
That's why you came.
I don't have a crush on Elle.
We have nothing in common.
I have never held a tennis racket
and yet I have a crush
on Gabriela Sabatini.
-And I have a crush on vigilante justice.
-Right.
And that's it.
Uh-huh.
[mockingly] Uh-huh.
Hey. be honest with me. doc.
how bad is it?
Well. we're gonna have to lose the leg.
It's just a minor sprain.
You're gonna keep some ice on it.
and you'll be the next Suzanne Somers
before you know it.
[sighs] I was really asking for it
when I put the Running Man in the routine.
-[chuckles]
-Well. thank you again.
-Sure.
-All right. Oh. boy. that's-that's bad.
Look at you. being all heroic.
Yeah. seven skinned knees. two bee stings.
one overly confident chemistry teacher
and... yeah.
Honestly. today's been a blast.
Oh. Elle really pulled this thing
-together.
-Yeah.
-[chuckles softly]
-And the footage is gonna be incredible.
Joe's entire coverage
of the pistol start is out of focus.
but I'm gonna see if I can
bribe the coach to do it again.
and I'll get it as a pickup.
Well. if anyone can do it. you can.
I think every single one
of Elle's teachers came here
to tell me how much they love her.
As they should. We created her.
Hey. I read Elle's essays for Cosmo.
and they're fantastic.
And I'm sure this internship will be great
-on a college application.
-Mm-hmm.
But... she is thriving here.
I mean. look at all this.
Are we sure that
moving back is the right move?
I mean. it's what she wants.
Hmm.
That's.
uh. Derr...
David. er...
Dane... Dean. Dean. okay. I think.
I-I'm just
-gonna go talk to him for a second.
-Yeah.
Hi.
Dean Wilson for mayor.
Oh. thank you.
Eva.
Hey. Great event.
Thank you so much for coming.
-Of course.
-And. you know.
you're doubling as our local celebrity.
Oh. Well.
I mean. any chance
to be out in the community.
Yeah.
Would you like a button?
Oh. [laughs]
Uh...
Oh. you're serious.
This is Gucci.
You-you don't put a pin through it.
-Ah.
-You're actually
not even supposed to wear it.
Yeah. I'm not really a fashion guy.
Yeah. I noticed.
So you don't think this says
"relatable everyman"?
I think your message is saying that.
and your outfit is saying more...
"...I just ate wings."
All right.
Nobody on my staff wants to tell me no.
They want to help you get elected or...
Would you want to come join my team?
[laughs]
No. I'm serious.
I... Obviously. I need some help with
my image. and you really seem
to know what you're doing.
Um...
Wow.
Mm...
I'm sorry. No. I can't.
I have obligations back in L.A.
Sure. yeah.
-But thank you.
-Well.
it was worth a shot.
Yeah.
You should change this picture out.
'cause it doesn't...
It's just a landscape.
-But have a good day.
-All right.
[♪ Tori Amos sings "Cornflake Girl"]
[crowd cheering]
They're coming!
[speaking indistinctly]
♪ Never was a cornflake girl...
Go. Miles! Go! Run!
♪ Thought that was a good solution...
Go! You got this. kid! Go. go!
Go. Miles. go. run!
Run faster! Beat 'em!
♪ This is not really happening ♪
♪ You bet your life it is ♪
♪ Oh. honey. you bet your life ♪
♪ It's a peel out the watchword ♪
♪ Rabbit ♪
♪ where'd you put the keys. girl? ♪
♪ where'd you put the keys? ♪♪
Way to go. buddy.
Amazing!
I love sports!
Who knew?
Hey.
That was incredible.
Thanks. [laughs]
I didn't know trying
could be so rewarding.
Yeah. trying rocks.
Uh. I'll see you guys. okay?
Bye.
Elle. we made $300 on concessions
and Anderson said
the student activities board can have it.
I have an idea.
We buy one and a half pairs of jeans?
A winter formal.
A winter formal?
Like.
where people do their hair
and wear fancy dresses and... not plaid?
Maybe less plaid.
We've never had one before.
but we've never
had one of these either.
and this was so fun.
I was thinking you and I
could plan it together.
Yes. Okay.
I'm thinking ice sculptures.
I'm thinking fake snow machines.
-I'm thinking--
-[Kimberly] Shannon.
Let's go.
I'm gonna drop off the petty cash
-at the school.
-Okay.
Hey. Shannon.
The mountain came out today.
Byes!
[Miles] Can I help?
[Elle] O-Oh.
Sure. Yeah.
There's some signage
by the entrance at the woods.
My... my dad helped me put it up.
Okay. yeah.
Yeah.
[wistful music playing]
-[Miles] That's tough. yeah.
-[Elle laughs]
-Great race. by the way.
-Thank you.
What you did at the end there--
that was pretty epic.
Well... to be honest.
it's the first time I've run
in front of that many people. so...
♪ Ta-da ♪♪
Very impressive.
I'm a pro.
You're very sparkly.
It's an oil-free shimmer.
and it is unisex. if you're interested.
[chuckles]
You know. I think it's gonna rain.
Here.
Stand under the tree.
Take this.
-[mutters]
-[giggles]
There you go.
[rain falling]
Okay. how did you know that?
Live here long enough.
you can just kind of feel it.
Don't you get tired of all the rain?
No.
I mean. people complain about Seattle
being. like. dark and depressing. but
the rain is actually
what makes it beautiful.
It's what makes it green.
Sorry.
-Here.
-Oh.
I got it.
So. you and Dustin...
If I'm being perfectly honest...
[whispers] ...we were never
actually dating.
[regular volume] Kimberly thought
I had a crush on somebody else.
Crush on who?
Um...
[laughs]
I'm unable to disclose that information
at this moment.
[tender music playing]
[Eva] And even though
the big game is over.
our fun. fearless female
-never stops.
-Oh. my God. Mom.
Here she is. cleaning up
with our star quarterback.
I'm sorry. it's this
-dumb video project we're doing.
-[Miles] It's-it's okay.
I should probably go.
My-my dads are here. They...
-Yeah.
-They're gonna drive me home.
-Okay.
Bye.
-Bye.
-And... that's a cut.
All right. guys. you can take five.
-Make it a real five.
-Can I have that tape. please?
-And put a tarp over the camera. Joe.
-You got it. Mrs. Woods.
Mom. what was that?
We just got the most amazing footage.
This isn't footage. this is my life.
I... I know.
You know what. forget this.
-Wait. wait. what are you doing?
-I don't want to do the contest anymore.
No. Elle. we can win this thing.
I already renewed
our subscription to the Bowl.
You did this for yourself.
What?
You pretended
to be doing the video for me.
but clearly. you were just
dying to get back to L.A. yourself.
Okay. maybe I'm not loving
Seattle. and I was intrigued
by the idea of having a reason
to go back home.
Yeah. because you're so closed-minded.
you can't look around
and say maybe this place
doesn't suck.
Maybe it's okay people don't do things
here like they do in L.A.
Okay. you're the one that wanted
to go back to L.A. in the first place.
Well. now I don't know!
I'm changing this place.
and maybe it's changing me. too.
And I don't totally hate it.
I don't need to pretend
to be fun and fearless for a stupid video.
I am fun and fearless.
[♪ Mazzy Star play "Bells Ring"]
You can't walk home. Elle.
It's two miles and it's raining.
Fearless!
[thunder rumbling]
Oh. my poor shoes.
♪ Bells ring into the night ♪
♪ Sounds like a mistress
on a rainy night...
[Chad] I am so glad
you didn't have to run in this.
♪ down together...
Uh. I'm just gonna be a second.
-All right.
-I'll be quick.
♪ goes away...
Did you walk home?
My-my dads could've given you a ride.
I still have your jacket.
It's pouring.
Just give it back to me tomorrow.
♪ Don't want to say
that I'm through with it ♪
♪ Just want to be right by your side ♪
♪ Right by your side ♪♪
Mom?
[Wyatt] Hey. there.
Looks like you got trapped in the rain.
-Where's Mom?
-Uh. she. apparently.
is helping out the superintendent
with his mayoral campaign.
She was very riled up
about elastic waistbands.
Okay. Do you know when she'll be back?
I really. really need to talk to her.
You could talk to me.
Like...
Like. about my life?
Then you'll give me your opinion on it?
Sure.
I mean. I was kind of bummed
when I found out
that you were thinking about going back
to Los Angeles without even
talking to me about it first.
-That's not happening anymore.
-Oh.
I just kissed a guy
who got broken up with by a girl
who I'm really trying to become
friends with. and obviously.
I shouldn't have done that.
but it was really. really hard
not to. so what should I do?
Uh...
I'll just go wait for Mom.
Great.
[exhales sharply]
No.
[muttering]
"How long do I have to wait before
I'm allowed to kiss a friend's ex?"
This one says...
two years.
That one says
the length of the relationship
plus two years.
I'm seeing...
"...never. you monster."
Triple-checking for one
that says 48 hours.
What if you're really new friends?
[whines softly]
I messed up.
[whines]
I have to own it.
Hopefully. Shannon appreciates
the honesty and forgives me.
[whines]
[suspenseful music playing]
Hey. Hey. have you seen Shannon?
Um. she's not here.
Something really bad happened.
I know. I-I just need to talk to her.
It was a misunderstand--
Shannon's mom
was in a car accident last night.
In front of the school.
She's dead.
[somber. percussive music playing]
♪ ♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-